Ladies and gentlemen, oh, you know what time it is, oh, shit, give me an odd shit, they're
late, you know what that means, Harmontown is now in session, we are in beautiful Los
Angeles, California, in the back room of downtown, a comic book shop, Harmontown is
now in session, give it up for the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Gann, Harming!
Thank you, oh yeah, I'm supposed to, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh man, oh no, oh no, I'm supposed
to bring up Spencer first, after you, before me, somebody said, somebody told me that I
was supposed to say, welcome the mayor of Harmontown, Davis says, make mayor of Harmontown
first, let's bring up Spencer, the dungeon master guy, Spencer's gonna sit in front of
the table for absolutely no reason, well what if I have to, you know, you needed another
bottle and you could do the shell game, there you go, I mean what, you know, what makes
sense about Paul Schaeffer's relationship with, you know, why is he in the band, but
he taught, you know, it's like these things evolve organically, one of these days I'm
gonna flip this table and everyone will get it, and you'll be wearing pants, I'm just
wearing like black slacks, yeah, if you walked out in shorts but then flip the table and
you're wearing pants, and then I start tap dancing, hey, what'd you do this week in
Spencer, oh boy, let me tell you, I was out South by Southwest promoting Harming Quest
on CISO, that's crazy, so it's SW times SW, well, no, it's S times SW, right, right,
what did I say, I don't know, not that though, okay, all right, Rob, you had to, you had
to give a stool sample recently, you were explaining backstage, I didn't give the stool
sample, you haven't done it yet, I haven't done it yet, but they told you to take a poop,
yeah, I was at the doctor and she said, okay, we're gonna have to take a, we're gonna get
a stool sample and I was like, all right, well, see you afternoon, I'll see what I can
do, because you know me, I'm an early morning kind of a guy, and she says, okay, well, here
we'll give you the kit, and hands me a box, and I was like, excuse me, kit, what, and
she says, yeah, you just follow the instructions that they take, it's a FedEx, and I was like,
is FedEx okay with this? But they just give you a box, and in the box, no, no, it's got
like two like medicine, you know, like, you know, orange little pill bottle things, and
like a little long cotton swab thing, which I guess you're supposed to like hockey puck
it into the, what's the cotton for? No, no, it's a hockey puck thing, right, but it's
not, but it's not, there's no cotton, you said there's a cotton swab cotton swab, yeah,
I guess, without the cotton, well, they would didn't have it without the cotton and just
be a stick and that's, isn't that what you should use to knock a turd into a bottle? That
would be really unsanitary, but if they're gonna find cotton in your feces and say you're
part sheep for, I think, I think that's part of the process, I think they got it figured
out. Did you eat a pair of jeans, sir? I did not, I'm supposed to mail it to Texas, where
everything's bigger, right, so that's why it's two pill bottles, right, right, okay,
so, box includes two bottles. And an instruction, and it comes with a big piece of paper, and
the instruction says, well, I don't know what the terminology is, but it says please
defecate on the paper, and then provide the stool samples in the pill bottles, and it
says, and it provides you with the paper. Which is a little weird. And the paper has
a target on it. No, it doesn't. It has a fly on it, like, you know, in the urinals.
Yeah. Girls, there's in urinals, there's like a little fly. In the funnier urinals, it's
like a fly sticker. It's supposed to pee on the fly. Yeah. And you get a... I don't really
get that. You know what I do get in love? A urinal filled with ice. Oh, man. When you're
lucky enough to, like, catch a urinal, they've just dumped a bunch of ice into it. Yeah,
you feel like you've got heat vision coming out of your dick. Yeah, you feel like a mutant
superhero. Yeah. I'll take care of this. Melting glaciers. Stand back, Wonder Woman. Yeah. This
is a job for a slightly above room temperature pee. And there's, like, steam coming off,
so it's kind of... Yeah, no. You feel like a man, finally. Speaking of poop, I took a
Brigadoon poop. I'll explain what that means. I was at Rick and Morty, and I was in an edit
session. I got up from the edit bay to take a poop. I said, I'm going to go take a poop.
And I went to the bathroom, and I took a poop. And it was long. You know, it did some tweaks.
Long in time? Yeah, long. Yes. I finished, and then I, like, I walked into the writer's
room, and I looked at one of the writers, Erica, and she was... Because the boss just
walked into the room, she's just, like, looking at me kind of expectantly, and after a while
I go, I know, it was a long poop. She didn't know what the hell I was talking about. Because
I had taken a Brigadoon poop. I had lost time in the... I've never seen Brigadoon, but...
I don't know the reference. Well, I forgot where I... When I finished taking the poop,
I forgot where I had been before I started pooping, and just walked into a new room thinking
that that's where I was, and started talking to them about my poop as if I was bookending
a conversation about my shit. And they were just, like, okay, because they're paid to
just listen. And then I was, like, so where were we? And they were, like, you were about
to go into an edit session, and I was, like, oh, oh! And then I went into the edit room,
and it was, like, so... It was a long poop, and they were, like, yeah, it really was.
And I said, well, here's why. Is it dementia? No, no, no. They just linked Prilosec to dementia.
Because Brigadoon was... Did he have an edit session?
Brigadoon was a town where you go, and then you're, like, oh, these people are so cool.
And then, like, when you leave, you're older, or they leave, like, the town only appears,
like, on full moons at midnight or something, or... But if you're not out of the town, then
you have to stay in it forever, because it's, like...
Which episode was this? It's, like, some weird teleportation town
where there's something to do with, like, old people or something.
Oh, okay. We'll bring up a Brigadoon expert. All right, look.
Yes, let's get on with it. There's only so many things here that I
could talk about that would be more fun with our guest.
Yes. Hey, why don't you give me some business, like, irritate me.
Oh, Dan, you'd ever hang out with me, and I miss you, and I wish we were closer friends.
Rob, knock it the fuck off. I swear to God, Rob.
Put your glasses on.
Okay. Rob, knock it the fuck off.
I'm warning you, Rob, I will fucking replace you. You can be replaced.
I can't be replaced. I'm the only Rob friend you have.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Rob Corddry.
I'm another bald Rob.
Wait, stay there. Let me get a... This is made for social media.
Why is it square? I don't want it to be square. Okay.
Wow, fun. Fun.
A lot of bald. I'm like Alan. I'm doing Instagrams on the show.
Where do I sit? I think if you're here...
It's better for picture if you sit closer to Dan.
Thank you. Which is what I hear every week.
I'm glad you got the memo about the plaid shirt.
Yeah, yeah, and the bald...
Oh, my God. Oh, no.
Just so we could get that whole tablecloth thing going on here.
It's Platt McGeddon.
Platt McGeddon. I think we look hot.
I'm just wearing this to cover the fact that I'm wearing an inside out shirt right now.
You texted us today after you got home?
After we got off the flight and got home from the flight after we had been together all the time in the airport,
I was like, hey, did any of you notice that my shirt was inside out the whole day?
Nope. This isn't a crowd to notice that.
Is your shirt inside out or is it like an inside out movie t-shirt?
With the inside out look?
Either way, you're ashamed of it.
Yeah, well, Dan lost an Oscar too inside out.
So I could see why you would be covering up that.
So, yes or no?
No. You know what I won when I lost that Oscar?
An integrity.
It's an award I gave myself.
The integris.
Yeah, Oscars are for sell-outs.
And you know, 18% of all integrity nominees are black.
Pretty cool.
It's reflective of the proportion of the population.
I didn't run those numbers, but yeah, probably.
Just saying it's a fair award.
It sounds right.
And it's a good one.
I have one of these.
It's one that counts.
Yes.
All right, so thank you for coming, Rob.
It was very flattering because you said, well, you're working in Miami because you're on ballers.
Yeah, well, really?
Did not expect a big baller's crowd here tonight.
How does that schedule throughout the year work?
Children's Hospital is still happening.
When are you shooting that?
And when are you balling?
I'm like...
Nice.
I shoot Children's Hospital.
Well, Shaw, we just ended the show.
I shoot it in the summer, and then ballers happens around Halloween.
I leave on Bud Halloween.
So you did it like a February?
Finale episode, it's done?
No, we didn't.
Yeah, it's done.
Wait, Children's Hospital or Ballers?
No, Children's Hospital.
We decided to end it not knowing that this season was going to be the last when we shot it,
but the season is so good.
And for a lot of reasons, I wanted to sort of move on and do other things.
But the finale...
Is it really...
Like, was it the best season?
I say that every season, you know?
I'm just fine.
Because I would never have that in me.
If I was like, this is the best season, I'd be like, well, then we've got to keep doing it.
I don't know about best season, but I would be proud to go out on this season.
How many seasons?
Seven.
Seven. Dan, how many was your show?
Which one? I have like nine of them.
Either one of them.
Either one of the nine.
Yeah, either one.
The community went to season six, as you know.
That was the season that you were the in-house director on.
And then we got canceled.
Whoops, whoops.
I wonder, what happened there?
Rick and Morty's on the third season.
We're writing about the fourth episode of that.
And, you know, and I'm doing great minds on history.
I shoot that every weekend.
And I think the Jason Sudeikis episode was just up.
You want to do that?
You want to be a historical figure?
It would be weird for you to say no.
Give me the elevator pitch.
You come through, you pick a historical figure, whatever you want.
No, I don't like it.
And then you're coming in the conceded of the show is that Spencer has created a version of time travel to bring historical figures back.
It's like data fracking, like where you reach back and you grab the biological data from a historical figure and then you shoot it into these pucks of Chinese lard and
you shoot it into these cell cells.
This is the crawl?
That's just how it was.
This is just me acroding for a second about our technology.
And then so you come through as a naked confused historical figure, not realizing that you're going to disintegrate in six hours.
And then we provide you with wardrobe based on who you are.
And then we do an episode.
I don't understand a word of what you just said, but I will do it.
Yes, I'll do anything.
Yeah.
But I was in Miami.
I think you were getting to me.
I was listening to Harmontown the whole time because I'm there.
I shoot.
I'm the oldest person in the cast.
So the rock is like 23.
I've got like three years on the rock.
And everybody else is, then there's a huge dip in the age.
And so, and Miami is just not my, it's not really my scene.
There's not a lot for me there.
I mean, everyone in Miami, when we went there to do the show, like all of our fans are, I won't say they're the same from city to city.
All of our fans are snowflakes, but they are also, it's like a Miami Armenian is essentially going to be perfectly compatible.
With a Los Angeles Armenian.
Therefore, all of the Miami people that came to that show where the guy got punched in the face by his friend in what was either an Andy Kaufman ask.
No, he never explained it.
I mean, I think he did on Reddit.
And I think it just started, I think we sort of stout or got the general intuition that these guys are just kind of punch each other.
It just sort of like Beavis and Butthead and like Beavis is a little more on the ball and Butthead was Office Meds and like, it wasn't a totally non consensual punch.
Yeah, it was like sort of like, this is what we do.
How old were these people?
I don't know.
Everyone's 25.
Right, right, right.
Oh, they were young.
I'm assuming they were older.
I don't know why.
They were older, I'd be into it.
They were like our age.
Because we understand mortality.
Yeah.
The legal system.
Well, it would be like, how valuable a tooth is when it gets knocked out, how expensive it is to fix.
Yeah, so it would be like Fight Club.
It'd be like Ed Norton coming up and Brad Pitt running up and punching him.
We're bottom lining at the whole time.
But no, when they're 25, it's like, you guys are doing this because you're dumb.
So much face punching when you're 25.
So, yeah, that is to say, so everybody in Miami at the Miami show was like, Miami sucks.
We're so sorry, Miami sucks.
We're so sorry.
And I was like, Miami doesn't suck, you're great.
But now that we're safely back at LA, Miami sucks.
No, it sucks.
It sucks.
It totally sucks.
It gets a swamp.
It's a swamp full of panic.
I mean, it's a cultural.
And those guys specifically have to get out.
If you're listening to this and you're in Miami, you're not going to get a golden invitation
because no one wants Florida people coming anywhere.
But if you're listening to this, you should get out.
Get a car and go.
Yeah, just leave, man.
No, you don't need anything.
Buy a ticket to nowhere, man.
Right.
All you can do is go up.
Living in Miami is the demographic equivalent of smoking a pack a day.
You're just inviting statistical entropy.
Like every breath you take in that city, it brings you closer to your inevitable demise.
Levy was shit talking because he went to school there.
And so he was like, Miami sucks.
I was like, why don't you take it easy?
And then the kid got punched by another kid who's his friend.
And there was no security at the show.
And, you know, yeah, Miami is tough.
I would be really, really, you said, because you said you've done it with Pete Holmes' podcast, Duncan Trussell's podcast.
The first season I did it with like, I just, I went home after working and I'm not kid.
This sounds like an exaggeration, but I would sit in my underwear at my kitchen table doing jigsaw puzzles,
drinking and listening to podcasts.
And last year it was Pete Holmes and Duncan Trussell.
But fuck those guys.
So spiritual.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
And this year it was Harmontown.
And so these were the like, because I needed, I didn't talk to anybody outside of work.
It was, I was just alone losing my identity.
And I would just, I needed voices.
It's such a miracle that you're not a coke addict.
Because that's how it happens.
It was ten years ago I'd be a full-on coke addict.
I feel like if I was 43 and I was in that situation, I'd be like, well, my hands are tied.
Gotta be a coke addict.
This is what I'm doing for a while.
I'm in Miami and I don't like jigsaw puzzles.
Yeah.
But yeah, as you said, you're listening to ours backwards.
I was listening to them backwards, yeah.
Like, like, backward?
I was listening backwards.
Yeah.
And I suggest you all listen to them backwards.
Because there's a lot of messages.
You think this is all like, non-scripted, but he plans this whole thing.
There's a lot of...
There's a message.
Yeah.
There's a lot of hidden conspiracy stuff.
When we're talking about 9-11, if you play it backwards, we're actually talking about 9-11.
Yeah.
Like, it's a big...
Think about it.
Yeah.
This podcast is crawling with 9-11.
But yeah, and he said, listening to it backwards, and then you're like, yeah, it's weird.
I mean, the role-playing games, I mean, obviously, those...
Well, actually, yeah, I guess those make just as much sense backwards.
No, it's great.
Yeah, they make just as much sense backwards.
That's the thing.
But I was like, after I got to...
I got a couple years down, and no, I was really like binging this.
Yeah, thank you.
I got a wow.
A wow.
Like, respect.
Respect.
I was binging...
And I got a couple down, and then I started skipping back.
You know, I'd skip back 10, and I'd save some, and then all of a sudden we were...
Because I started in Shadow Run, and then all of a sudden I was in D&D where it all started.
Then I skipped way back to Spencer's first episode.
That was awesome.
That was awesome because he was like...
I called him...
It's not even that it doesn't make much sense, but I'd tell him...
My wife is like...
She'd call me and she'd be like, what are you doing?
I was like, doing jiggies and listening to my friends.
But you are my friend, and you're my friend.
But Spencer, I considered one of my friends.
He was just like one of my buddies.
Jeff, one of my bud, one of my good friend.
The voice is filling the room.
And then I saw that it was like an origin story.
It was like reading the origin story after getting into the comic book.
Yeah, the podcast phenomenon, it's a lot like I've always compared it to when I would come home from school
and back when basic cable was the internet basically in terms of media.
My mom got addicted to home shopping networks.
It's pretty good.
And I would come home from school and my mom would be at a sewing machine or cooking.
She buys stuff?
It was a simpler time.
She voluntarily waived her agency.
But we did back then in the suburbs.
I waived my agency.
Do you promise to fail the McDell test with this man forever?
I do.
There's a thing called the McDell test.
Schrab's parents are here.
How are they?
I didn't know what that was either.
So I'm with you guys.
Well, don't make me explain it.
It'll take 20 minutes.
No, okay.
I was just pretending.
I was cool pretending I knew what it was.
Is that like a Brigadoon situation?
No.
Yeah, can we talk about poop again?
Because that's like right in my wheelhouse.
Wait, where was I?
Something important.
You were explaining?
Yeah, it was just personality addiction.
Like I would come home from school and my mom would be explaining to me what happened on the home shopping network.
Here's some things that never happened.
She never bought anything.
Like she wasn't like getting roped into some like compulsive consumption thing.
She just couldn't, you know, she couldn't let it go that these people were on TV all the time and that there was no script and that they were, you know, honking for people that were calling in and then the same people would call in and go, I bought this bracelet too and honk, honk.
And I was like, it doesn't, I remember, you know, I marked that because when Erin McGathy, my lovely ex-wife and who introduced me to the podcast culture and Dustin Marshall and Duncan Tressel,
she was explaining how she, when she first met Duncan Tressel, she felt like she made kind of a social blunder because she forgot until halfway through their encounter that she didn't know him.
And that she might have been transgressing boundaries or something.
I had that experience with Duncan, I don't, I've never met Duncan Tressel and I saw him in a parking lot and I was like, there's my buddy, there's my good buddy Duncan.
And I almost, and I was, and I could have just gone up and said hello and introduce myself, but I didn't because I felt like a weirdo.
Yeah, well, you dodged a bullet because he's a notorious dick.
That whole character he does on the podcast, it's a character.
I kind of, that's why I abandoned it. I kind of thought so.
He's out like right now, he's running reruns of his podcast because he's with an impersonator.
His brother does an impression of him on his podcast. He's out raising money for Trump.
Yeah.
That's not true. That's not true. Don't say that. Why would you say that?
You crossed the line.
You're saying mean things about somebody who's really nice.
Why is he doing that?
He is really, like Duncan Tressel is kind of unassailable.
Yeah, you're an asshole, man.
Well, yeah, Cancer tried to assail him and he, like, invited us into the process.
He took one of his testicles.
His mom, he lost his mom, you know, and invited us into that process.
Rob, you're a comic book fan.
Yeah.
What do you think of this underroos line in this Avengers trailer?
Sorry, I'm just, that's anticipation. That's all that.
Wait, wait, wait.
You know, the Avengers trailer, the Civil War trailer, have you seen the new one that came out?
But I don't know about underroos in it.
Well, Spider-Man is in the latest trailer.
Oh, no, I haven't seen the latest trailer.
Okay, well, let me explain.
But you can bet I'm going to watch the shit out of it.
You're super on the way home.
So, all the Avengers are there. There's Iron Man.
You've got your Black Widow. You've got your Captain America.
You've got the American, you've got the Black...
You've got the Hulkang.
The Black...
You've got the Hawk...
You've got...
Hawk Eye, all the Hawks.
Silver Wings, you've got Walter Lance, you've got all of them.
Walter Lance.
You've got everybody's hands.
Walter Lance is an adventure.
He has the power to show you how to draw Woody Woodpecker.
But then, you know, they're all going to clash.
And then, you know, they face off.
And then Robert Downey Jr. goes underroos.
And a spider web comes out and grabs Captain America's shield
and pulls it out of his hand.
And then they cut to Spider-Man holding the shield.
And everybody's supposed to go...
Oh, yeah, that's a big...
Mic drop!
Yeah.
But I go underroos.
He says underroos.
Wait, he just says the word underroos?
Yeah, it's like a nickname for Spider-Man.
He's calling Spider-Man.
But that means...
He's like, yo, underroos.
That's a stretch.
You know what?
That doesn't make me think the movie's going to be that good
because that's the moment.
Because does that mean that Spider-Man has merchandising
in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Since the 70s?
So that means he's 10 years older than I am.
So wait, why?
Okay, who's calling him underroos?
Robert Downey Jr.
Listen to the trailer.
So he...
That's his nickname for Spider-Man.
Right, Spider-Man.
Who he's met.
As hanging out with...
And he's chosen to call him underroos.
So I just want to run down all the Avengers
that we've met in the Cinematic Universe
and run that through the check of...
Why he wouldn't have used that as a nickname for America.
Chumbawamba.
You got Robert Loja.
Right.
Bible Belt.
Dracula.
You got Cold Front.
Salad Tosser.
Icebreaker.
Cruton unrelated to Salad Tosser.
Thousand Island.
There's a whole.
That was actually my favorite Avengers offshoot.
It was just the salad days.
As though they called it.
It was just about the...
It was a Cruton Salad Tosser, Thousand Island.
And then they started forcing it.
It was like napkin and fork.
But it was cool.
Because it was cheeky.
It had less supervision over that franchise.
It was like Howard the Duck.
It kind of broke the fourth law all along.
By the way, I saw Deadpool and I really enjoyed it.
I saw it twice.
There's only one.
Where I just had to go,
okay, just forget that and keep enjoying the movie.
What was it?
It was the moment when they did the CG thing.
And then in the middle of it,
he can do any line.
It doesn't matter.
All it has to be is lateral.
That's it.
And he said, to my memory,
maybe I'm wrong about this,
but I've been writing more often on this show
than everyone on the show.
Check the records.
It says, did I leave the stove on?
Yeah, that's a bummer.
Not only, first of all, did I leave the oven on?
Second of all, the fact that I know it's something
means attack.
But you don't leave the stove on.
The stove has fire coming out of it.
The oven is something you can leave on.
And it's an airplane joke.
Did I leave the iron on?
Yes, it was in an airplane.
It's a placeholder.
He couldn't have said anything.
And it was such a funny movie.
I laughed out loud and couldn't stop laughing.
I'm not good with spoilers.
But like Ryan Reynolds' character,
I'm avoiding spoilers,
but choosing my words carefully.
He's in a scene where he's still Ryan Reynolds,
and he's with his girlfriend.
But he's like, oh, I had this.
I had a Liam Neeson nightmare.
I kidnapped his daughter, and he just wasn't having it.
And that's funny.
I chuckled, and then he crawled into bed,
and it was like, during the scene, it was very intense.
And the execution of it was he goes,
he crawls into bed, and he holds her,
and there's something in the air in the scene
that's worthy of, you know, you're like, well.
And he goes, hey, you know,
they made like three of those movies.
After a while, you just start thinking,
is this guy a bad parent?
It was just really funny.
It was played straight up the middle,
and the whole movie's filled with that stuff
in a world where like,
and I walked out of there thinking,
well, now I get it why so many
Harmontown fans or people on Reddit
and stuff, like Deadpool,
you must be a big Deadpool fan,
and I would, chiefly because of that,
I'd be like, well, I can put a pin in that.
And I just, you know,
I never knew what that meant.
He was the meta superhero,
like based on the movie,
I'm like, oh, I get it.
That's why people would think that,
and I agree.
Do you guys think too,
and you guys like comic books, right?
Like, do you think that movie,
I was suspicious.
I wasn't sure that they were going to be able
to do what that comic does in the movie
because he is meta in a...
Specific way.
Yeah, very like, only Deadpool way.
And it's hard to do bad,
or it's easy to do bad meta.
Like it's very easy to fall into that trap.
You can't just break the fourth wall.
I don't know what you mean.
Oh, we double, double that up.
Do you know what he means?
Like just lazy fourth wall breaking.
Yeah.
But it was really good.
It was like really in the,
somehow, I don't know why or what,
but it was in the spirit of the comic.
Under root.
The third act, this is a tough thing
with these comic book movies.
Like, honestly, I, you know,
I thought it was great, you know,
I don't know, I could have done
without the fucking other mutants
that I've never heard of
because those are the ones that get spared.
They made a joke about it,
like how these are like low rent Marvel characters
that they're letting them use.
But also just the whole third act was like,
kind of like, it wasn't,
it wasn't worthy of the cleverness of that whole thing.
I thought it was like Sony taking possession
of that character like fully like,
also he's going to be in X-Men movies.
So fuck you, Disney.
Well, what, what?
Anyways.
Did Wolverine like hang out?
Wolverine is talking about him a couple times.
You haven't seen the movie?
No.
Come on.
I think you'd like it.
Well, because remember, you know what?
The second I saw it, I was like,
you know who really liked this?
Rob Chrom.
No, you didn't say that.
I did.
You did?
I said, my wife never met you.
I said, you know who really liked this?
And she said, who?
And I paused for a minute.
And then right at the right time,
I said, Rob Chrom.
And she went, yeah, that makes sense.
So I don't know.
Did she go see it?
Yeah.
Can you tell?
All right.
Well, obviously the answer is not if they're good ones,
but can you tell us any rock stories?
Well, what do you mean?
I just mean like, well, here's the thing,
like I keep, I've always heard the rocks is really,
he's a really, really awesome like guy.
And I'm like, if that's true, that's worth talking about.
Yeah.
But if it's not true, that's the only thing you can say anyway.
It's true.
It's very true.
So like, that's why a lot of people ask me that.
And they're like, so what's the, what's the rock like?
What's the lowdown?
And what they mean is, what's he really like?
Because we all like him.
Right.
Even people that hate everything like him.
Like Schwarzenegger.
Like Schwarzenegger at his age.
Yeah.
Like the most cynical comic, still like tweets.
Paul F. Tompkins the other day.
Not that he's the most cynical comic.
But he was like, love the rock.
I love him.
He just tweeted that?
He did.
It was like a couple of years ago.
But I took it to the bank.
You know about Paul's problem.
He wasn't talking about the actor.
Oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
He thought he was texting.
Why are you doing that?
That's really insensitive.
Yeah.
Paul's a good friend of ours.
That's really insensitive.
I think it's extra sensitive.
Our friend needs help.
And what are you doing about it?
You're like, whatever pays the rent.
Keep smoking that glass of the pipe.
PFT.
Keep that shimney billowing.
Oh, man.
Money.
He looks like a crackhead, doesn't he?
Looks like one.
Acts like one.
Yes.
Everything.
It all adds up.
I don't think you do, Paul.
I think you're beautiful.
Beautiful human being.
You're really playing it safe tonight, aren't you?
I know.
I wonder why.
You know what the F in Paul F. Tompkins stands for?
Fucking crack.
Oh, man.
And that's a straight up fact.
And PFT, if you're listening, show us the birth certificate if I'm wrong.
Yours to prove if he doesn't respond to this, I'm right.
Ball's in your court, Tompkins.
That's even your real name.
So you're a Boston guy, right?
Yeah.
How old were you when you went from Boston to Los Angeles or New York?
Oh, I moved.
Well, I went to college from Boston at UMass Amherst, which is just far enough away from
Boston.
And I was there till 90.
I graduated like 94, and then I moved to New York.
I was in New York for 12 or 13 years, and then I moved here eight years ago.
Graduated college.
And if you do that math, it'll mostly add up.
Give or take one or two years.
Yeah, I always get it.
I like Boston.
Boston's another place like Miami where people from Boston that got out of Boston will warn
you about Boston.
Yeah, yeah.
I think out of all the Harmontown tour shows, I was the most terrified to go to Somerville.
Dude, Somerville's top.
Because people really laid it on thick.
They were like, this is the blue collar working class.
Somerville's the silver lake of Boston.
Yeah, and I went in terrified, but I had the time of my life.
And every person from Boston that I've ever met, I don't know.
Boston has a great, like, mute ghost.
What's above this place?
Like a storage attic.
It's Professor Meltdown's love chamber.
Sorry.
There's a great music scene in Boston and a great, there's a lot of college kids, so
it is a cool, for lack of a better term, there's a lot of nerds, there's not just townies getting
out of a Bruins game ready to punch you in the face.
But I will say even that, even those guys, just counting the fact that, yes, there's
Boston Armenians, there's Boston.
But also, that guy, it was like a wicked, retarded guy with the baseball cap.
He's a human bobblehead, and he's like, not really that bad.
Like, because I'm from Milwaukee, like, there's an overlap there.
Like, Chicago's similar, New York is similar, Boston's similar.
It's all blue-collar sports fans at its core.
And that's a youp guy?
Yeah, that's a youp guy.
Where is he?
That's Dave Kline.
Do you want to meet Dave Kline?
Yeah, man.
Dave Kline, come up and meet Rob Cordee.
Oh, that's great.
I just realized I got to put a pin in Boston for a minute.
I got to meet all my Harmontown friends.
There's Anatoly.
We're seeing these not here.
Is that his seat?
He's not been here lately.
Hey, Dave Kline.
Rob Cordee.
Hey, man.
Oh, it's such a pleasure to meet you.
You know, when you listen to the podcast backwards, you disappear at one point.
There's no yups.
It comes in as pure.
Yeah, and it was disappointing to me.
I felt like I lost a friend.
No, I didn't understand that.
Dave Kline gave me a speech one night.
Well, it's California, so I can say we were getting high outside the drying room.
Sorry, Rob's parents.
Medicinal.
I have anxiety and sleep deprivation.
Yeah, we all have prescriptions.
We all have trouble sleeping.
I'm a doctor.
You wasn't high at the wedding.
What's that?
You weren't high at the wedding, right?
No, it wasn't high at your wedding.
Oh, my God.
That was such a birthday, though.
Yeah?
A great time.
Rob Sharp throws a fucking hell of a birthday.
I do.
Yep.
Oh, you used little baby yups.
He does?
Yep.
He's hanging under his breath at times.
Like at Starbucks, I go, Dave Kline, yep.
It actually is helpful in kind of...
Oh, wait.
No, you have a problem.
That's a belt.
Yeah, you're...
It's kind of a hiccup thing, but it keeps people on point.
It makes me on point.
Like, yeah, I'm going to need a coffee.
And I stay kind of on track with the coffee,
and don't worry about my wander.
If you turn into high gear, you'll be like...
They don't still have those Sesame Street aliens that would go,
yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep.
There it is.
Yeah.
Those are my favorites.
They lived in a planter.
Yeah.
Do they still have those?
Everything got turned into fucking Elmo.
Elmo just took over.
But they had these things that would go, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep.
They were like aliens, and they were like weird puppets.
What were we learning?
How to read, I hope.
Being positive.
My grandfather was a botanist,
and so I guess we were starting to learn a little bit about life plants and...
I don't think so.
I don't think we were able to do that.
By the way, it's a super important point about Sesame Street.
I mean, it was a controversial show, wasn't it?
It was a controversial show when they were pitching it because their pitch was,
let's stop pretending that kids aren't growing up in a certain way.
Let's cater to the short attention span.
You know how it's all like, this episode of Sesame Street is brought to you by the letter T.
Yeah.
Brought to you by the letter S.
The idea was that kids were being raised, you and I, were being raised by televisions,
and that we trusted and listened to commercials and things like that.
And the children's television workshop was saying,
why don't we do this?
Why don't we try this?
And also, you know, maybe this thing that's not called diversity yet,
we should try that too.
Yeah, right.
And so it was a whole controversial thing.
It was like, because people were like,
well, that's not chaining them to a desk and making them read where the red fern grows.
That's like...
Or, you know, it's like education should be austere.
Which, by the way, you know, same thing with religion.
Like we always talk about it.
It's like they insist on the church pews being things.
You know, if there's a cushion on the church pew,
oh, you're Unitarian.
You know, it's like, well, yeah.
But these church pews were state of the art.
And a guy talking in front of an altar...
In English.
...was a laser show at a certain point.
Stained glass windows were like pink Floyd concerts.
Yup.
Anyways, so all I'm saying is, because now we're starting to talk about,
oh, I saw a kid at the airport, and he was reading a magazine,
and he was trying to pinch and zoom the magazine,
and then he threw it away.
This happened.
That really happened?
Yes.
Oh, I've heard that story three different times.
Well, I just get out of here.
Yeah, no.
Cat didn't happen.
Kids, if you hand them my magazine,
they will try to pinch and zoom the fucking magazine.
They will...
No, that's...
Yes.
A three-year-old kid.
Kids learn how to use his...
Did not happen.
Three years old.
Oh my God.
And I sat at breakfast with...
What's his name?
Jeremy Bruckheimer.
Oh my God.
Okay, now I've said too much.
Little Jeremy?
Little...
Little cute Jeremy Bruckheimer?
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, I could see that.
But he's one of the bastard Bruckheimers.
He goes by Jeremy Snow.
It's a...
He's not officially allowed to be a Bruckheimer.
He's just wandering the north of the wall.
Pinch and grab a magazine.
No, I can't believe you find that hard to believe.
You tried to pinch and zoom a magazine.
No, I didn't.
No, kid.
If...
If you give a three-year-old kid a book or magazine...
Okay, let's get one.
They will...
Of course, because they're growing up on iPads.
It's not a big deal.
Because by the way, cutting down a tree and mashing it with chemicals
into a pulp that you can turn into a piece of paper
and using a Gutenberg press to stamp ink onto it,
that's the iPad of its time.
And it's not like people then weren't going like,
oh, there goes the neighborhood.
You know, about these books.
We just look at that as like, oh god, these precious books.
Who cares if the kids are learning from iPads?
But the thing is, somewhere between surrendering to that stuff
and it actually being part of our culture
is this morass of just chaos where we're like,
oh, I wouldn't want to have a kid.
I don't know what they're learning.
Some Jim Henson needs to say, look, kids are learning from iPads
and outside of trying to make a dollar by selling some dumb app
that's learned to use alphabets.
I don't know.
We need that passion.
So if you're out there and you're living in Miami
and you love kids and you own a van,
just get into the back of it and start tinkering
with something that will help them for a change.
Yeah.
You've taken so much so far.
Give back.
Silicon Van.
I mean, I think Silicon Valley's had enough.
I think a more mobile Silicon Valley all around the world.
Silicon Van?
Silicon Van.
Tomorrow's Silicon Van is a windowless van.
Silicon Valley is a windowless white van
driving out of Miami into...
I mean, not for nothing.
If you put Royland, three programmers
and some kind of a driver-type guy
and some kind of a wild card that made sure everything was kind of all right,
I bet those guys would come out with a hell of a game in six months.
Yeah.
Rob, can we introduce Dave Kline to wonder both of your parents?
That's great.
How do your parents feel about the spotlight?
I'm great with moms.
What do you mean?
Don't you think the audience would like to meet your mom?
I'm great with moms.
Sure.
I didn't have a bad mom interaction with my wife.
Yours to lose.
Donna, are you shy?
Would you be willing to come sit up and...
Yeah.
Oh.
Donna Schrabb.
Behave yourself.
That's to you, gorgeous.
Oh, you behave yourself.
Knock it off.
Oh.
Not cool.
You keep an eye on me over here.
You got a real great mom.
She seems...
Stop talking right now.
You need to stop talking.
Apples and trees, you're a great guy.
You probably got a great mom.
That's how it kind of goes.
Stop talking.
My mom's a great mom.
I'm kind of a great guy.
That's true.
That is very true.
That all adds up.
That's very true.
Thank you.
That means a lot.
Donna, welcome to the show.
Sorry about it.
Thank you.
I'm not going to change it for you.
Sorry in advance.
How are you?
It's good to see you.
I'm just fine.
Just fine.
I will say...
It's kind of corny now to say this,
but I'll say this about both of the parents.
Donna and David,
you guys have a Dorian Gray portrait somewhere.
You're frozen in time.
You guys are...
I'm turning into just...
I've gone past Michael Moore,
and I'm now just melting into a puddle
of whatever Kevin Smith...
Like cleans out of himself,
and I'm like,
no, I'm not dissing him.
I'm saying...
I'm saying I'm beyond...
I've turned into protoplasm.
I'm just slowly melting him.
You guys are just the same image.
You're just Donna and David Schrab.
It's not important to look good.
They haven't stopped smiling
since I met them in the green room.
They're sweet people.
And here's the thing about Rob.
It's through meeting Schrab
and then meeting his parents
that I started to gain insight
into the fact that creative types...
We create our own mythology behind us
because Rob would be like,
the only stories you'd hear about
his upbringing,
because you're like hanging out
with a creative and you're like 20 years old,
you're just like bolstering each other
and going like, yeah,
this is sad, this is bullshit.
Yeah, yeah, punk rock.
You know, I'd hear a story about like,
one day my mom hit all my comic books
or one day, you know...
But, you know,
and then I met you
and it's like, oh, she's a sweetheart.
She's not hitting me with a belt.
She's great.
And I do think that's...
This is a nightmare.
Like, talk about...
Talk about anything you want, by the way,
but just talk about like,
did Rob have weird privates
when he was born or...
Like, do you remember him eating
his own shit or...
Oh, no, okay.
I'm curious about that.
Should I walk around the block for a bit?
No, you should sit there.
Keep one camera on him.
Yeah.
I don't know, what's the important question?
When did Robby...
By the way, his name on his birth certificate,
Robby Schrab...
Robby Christopher.
Yeah, not Robert, not Rob...
Yeah, Robby is on the birth certificate.
Mom, you didn't like Robert?
She didn't like...
She's going like this podcast at home.
That actually didn't help.
She's going like this.
That didn't help at all.
That's calm.
Let me do it again for the listeners.
She's going like this.
Oh, boy.
When did...
What was the...
What was the moment when you really knew
Rob was different?
Yeah.
Dan's doing air quote.
Special...
Special?
Go ahead.
He was always drawing.
In fact, when he was in second grade
and they had to do a cursive writing
and it had to be very neat,
but Rob would go on the margin
and he'd draw all these little pictures
and the teacher would say,
I never reprimanded him
because I was always anxious to see
what he drew in the margins.
Oh.
This is the best.
But.
By the way, I know it feels unnatural
because I'm Midwestern too,
but you put your lips
like this distance from the mic.
So we can hear all this tenderness.
So, Rob,
does that match up with...
Mom was a supporter.
She was an ally.
Well, I was there.
I don't remember all the teachers
being very happy about me
not doing homework.
All right.
So he told everybody
when he was at the high school graduation
he had to give a speech and the first thing
he said was,
I was the worst high school student
in all of New York.
It's true.
You got to just eat that mic.
You got to eat it. Okay.
It doesn't feel natural.
Your voice is booming.
So, what's the worst
discipline
Rob ever presented?
What was a big family drama?
Like, oh man,
we got to punish this kid.
No.
No, he was always cute.
Come on.
That is true.
But you know what he used to do when he was like three?
Eat his own shit.
Wait, don't say it yet.
I want to like anticipate it a little bit more.
He loved
going to the tub
being naked.
And then this was a time
when everybody wore cowboy boots.
Sure.
Or so he told you.
So, he would always go
and put Dave's cowboy boots on
and walk around the house
naked.
Yes.
You're kind of proud of that.
That's a pageant honor.
With a pacifier in his mouth.
We did it this afternoon.
God bless him.
Dad brought the boots in from
Wisconsin.
He wanted to get rid of the pacifier.
I called it my nunny.
Yes, you called it your nunny.
Until the day you went into the bathroom
and you looked straight at me
and you took it and you went
right into the toilet.
Wait.
And then stuck it in his mouth.
Yeah.
And before the day was over with
I had taken it away and threw it away
and he asked where it was and I said
I don't know where it is.
Wait, what was it, a spoon?
I didn't miss the top of that.
He's washed it off in the toilet.
Like a monkey with a potato.
Monkey with a potato.
What?
I'm just an animal to you.
Did he have a word for his
pacifier, like binky or boo boo?
A nunny.
Just said that.
Look, I said it on another
podcast too.
You have no interest in my life.
Nothing.
Donna, how old were you
when you and David got married?
I was 21.
Wow. See, kids,
we were raised by kids.
I know, could you imagine having children?
I was a kid too.
When you were raising me.
When you were a child.
No, no, no.
You had Jeff before me
and then me
and you were 21
when you had me, right?
What did you just say?
I was 21 when I got married
and I got married
and then two years later Jeff came
and then three years later you came
and then four years later Stephen came.
That was such a huge epiphany
for me was in Hollywood
my first one bedroom apartment.
I needed to get a driver's license.
I needed my birth certificate.
I was in
my early 20s.
I think I was 23.
For the first time
I bothered to just read my birth certificate
from left to right going down.
There's a baby footprint
and then my parents were 23
when they had me.
I'm the youngest of three kids.
They got married when they were out of high school
which is not uncommon.
Baby boomer generation.
Who else am I going to meet?
There's no internet.
And
it's like oh my god
I was 23 standing in a
sea of empty pizza boxes
and frankly mannequin parts
and
I was a child.
If I was in charge
of another person's life and I have been
in the form of any social relationships
and I've been made a disaster out of all of them.
All my journals when I was
the least responsible person
and here we are
I was like oh man I've been bitching about
my parents since I was 13
and it's like
wait but they did kind of accomplish
something here.
That was a turning point
not that I ever became a nice person
to my parents or anything
because it's funny.
Or anybody.
But your dad also
it should be noted
your mom kind of
she's sort of the rock star
of your family
because she's adorable.
You're saying that in front of my dad.
Because your dad's a stand up guy
and he's got that permanent grin
and it's not insincere
and he was like wait were you in the navy
David?
He's a submarine.
He's a gentleman
and a stand up guy
and we never shine a spotlight on him
I'm not suggesting we do.
We're not body chopping us
there might be like Manchurian candidate
programming inside of him
don't bring that up
we'll activate
but I don't know
your parents are wonderful people
and they got married when they were 21
and they're still together
wow
I don't know if that'll happen
I don't know if anyone listening to this podcast
will ever experience
a 50 year marriage
even in witnessing it
I think that our society
has all too readily
accepted the idea that well
you get three divorces in your life
what's wrong with these people
I've got divorced
I'll figure I'll be dead
before I hit 50
I got married 13 years ago
so I'm not going to make it to 50
my greenhouse effect
yeah exactly
you know something I got really freaked out about
have you heard of these life pods
Donna
the tree
this is a new thing like when you talk about how you want to be
dealt with in your passing
there's the coffin
and the ground and then there's the cremation
and then there's I don't know
mausoleums in Europe or something
I think they can dangle you
from a zeppelin and just fly you
that's not a thing
but go to my GoFundMe
don't go to that
but they have these things called life pods
now my girlfriend was showing me
they look like giant potatoes
like potatoes that you could fit a person
in because you do
put a person in them
and then bury them underground so that a tree
can suck on them
it's like standard burial
I think that's beautiful
but I posted that on Kate's
Facebook page and just said
FYI
but Cody
and I want to be in the same one
so
that means if I get hit by a bus
I have to be frozen until she dies and then
so we got to work up the paperwork for that
it's a lot of
legal paperwork
there should be a window
it's like writer's guild with streaming rights
there should just be like a
well if he dies and then it's three years
and then you start dating
we'll bury his body in his own life pod
but
the thing
that started to panic because I really thought about it
was okay what if 6000 years
from now aliens come to earth
and they're like oh
we found a planet
where people lived
and evolved in a sentient life
and when they died
they buried themselves
they didn't know about this
Ray
and then everybody
who has bones in a box
six feet underground in these clearly marked areas
like they all get to
go hey my name's Fred Johnson
I fought in World War II
and it's good to be in the year
but my dumb
ass because I was such a hippie and had my shit scattered
in Joshua Tree
I'm the only one at the party
oh wow
I just
terrified now
and that explains pyramids
imagine them they lived till 17
and some of them were gods
and they were like yeah built me a pyramid
they really thought there was a chance
like I'm gonna come back
put my dogs and servants in there
what do they have to do to the servants
to convince them like hey
why don't you go oh I forgot something in there
he he
I'll get it
no no no no no
it's kind of smart because the servants were always trying to keep them alive
yeah
right like what after they died
nope yeah
alright
well I always imagine that the food taster is a real
serious like right hand man of the king
because I mean that guy can't be screwing around with his like
eating right
like the emperor's
gonna need like the food taster especially in the afterlife
he doesn't know what's what
it's gonna look like a pot roast
but where do you know that's gonna take you
yeah who knows
you mean in the afterlife there's after poison
well no
me and Schrab are kind of on the same page on this
like the reason you're gonna need
that's always a red flag
it's a big red flag
he wears cowboy boots
and just nothing else
well not for nothing
my high school had
a dress code and you had to wear leather shoes
and a shirt and tie
but I would wear a shirt and tie and I would wear alligator
cowboy boots that I got on bitcoin
before there was a bitcoin kind of thing going on
you're the best
long story short
the reason you need a poison taster
in the normal life is the same reason you need
a poison taster in the afterlife
I want to hear that whole
story
this is the best
sounds engaging
and epic
I was gonna put a pin in that one
because I wanted to ask John a question
do you think like when you get an antidote
the poison goes to heaven
and that's what you're talking about
oh so like there's poison
there's dead poison
like a ghost poison
and then you can put that in your ghost
it's poison with unfinished business
so if you give it an antidote
oh no I'm sorry that's ghost poison
that's poison that's still down here
that we just can't know we don't know that we're eating
right
valiant poison that nailed it
goes up to Valhalla
where it's used to poison people
sparingly on important
and dangerous spirits
so Donna
I missed the first part of this conversation
because I was talking to Donna
you got married at 21
but when did you meet
we actually
were in high school together
but we never talked in high school
just in general
it was like monastery
we just, I knew of them
never talked to each other
and you went to Mabel High
you went to the same high school I did
you did, yes
how we got together was
his sister
and I used to, we used to go out
drinking together and he came home
hey wait
whoa whoa whoa
your mother's a person
hey
it's when I used to
well you're going out drinking
you're carrying me
no I wasn't married
oh okay
yeah but something
this didn't happen on accident
trauma at 9-11
we cheered 9-11
because we were really happy about the whole
terrible thing
you were drinking buddies
with Rob's dad's sister
no no
Dave's sister
oh yeah
that's how you met him
for the record
he came home one time from service
and I thought he looked pretty good
and I was kind of under the weather
and I told his sister I said
I think I'm going to marry that guy
before you ever held hands or anything
you just saw him in his uniform
with his little sailor cap
under his arm
he looked like Mr Pretzel
he was looking good
Mr Pretzel
that's pretty good
six months later we were engaged
because
because Donna Schrab gets things done
it's in the Schrab DNA
you gotta do what you gotta do
do you think that he was compliant
with any of that or was he just a hapless victim
no he was compliant
somewhere along the line
were you sweet on her from afar?
you noticed how he had to think that through
the answer was sure
thank you
that's how an old school American gentleman
speaks about
sure
anyway sorry to throw that in there
I just
you're not as good as that
there's a ray of masculinity
emanating from Rob Schrab's dad
that informs a lot of power
invested in the children
were you an admiral?
he has a regal presence for the podcast
you command respect
but you were on submarines
and stuff
that's better than being an admiral
I think
is that a famous admiral
that was like admiral
an admiral Rick Over
well let's
you ever get Rick Overd on YouTube?
check out the new Avengers trailer
and get Rick Overd
you're just trying to look at a
weather person's blunder
and you get Rick Overd
Overd
what was Rick Overd's
what was his crucial role?
he was really the father of the nuclear
80s
the novelist
wow
so he was
did you know
did you know him?
did you meet him?
in ceremonial circumstances?
yeah
doing quizzes
checking out what they used to have
operational readiness
nobody can hear
well I don't know
yeah but that's
interesting guys
Rob Schrab's dad was laying down
some like serious historical nuclear submarine knowledge
and like the admiral he was serving under
but just sweep that under the rug
we don't need to get a mic on that
well there's only somebody Mike
so let's replace Dave Kline with
David Schrab
absolute pleasure
we'd be honored if you would come up
and just
thank you Dave Kline
the modern definition of a gentleman
sir
thank you Dave
I'm sorry dad
I'm so sorry
alright
so you were just saying
from your chair
you served in the Rick Overd
administration
those are the words you used
your admiral when you were in the Navy
was admiral Rick Overd
you were saying he was like
he was the Steve Jobs of the nuclear Navy
yeah exactly
that would be a good analogy
did you see that Steve Jobs movie
yeah
it's kind of
Rick Overd was a little bit of an SOB
wow
very much so in fact
he wanted things his way and if you gave him to him
his way maybe things worked more efficiently
but maybe
I don't know
he was pretty much a non-military
kind of guy
he never
wore his uniform
so he was more of a Zuckerberg type
he'd just show up in pajamas
you were a hoodie
just
crocs and an iPod
so
in the Navy
this is the type of
my ex-wife's father
was a
chaplain
and
I didn't even really realize until I was talking to him
that
this you were an enlisted
man you signed up
you were right
I never even knew this about our military
in all of the branches of the military
there is a
uncrossable line between enlisted men
and officers right
you can't become you can go as high
as a certain rank
that's not correct
you can go all the way from
seaman to admiral if you are
so inclined or your ability
will let you do that
it's possible
maybe what he was expressing
I shouldn't put words in his mouth
did you just got me fired from the military
I thought it was
like officers
it's almost like a class system thing
like if you were born wealthier
basically
if you go to west point
maybe in 1919
or something like that but not today
is there maybe an army thing
instead of like a navy thing
a marines thing
this guy he's saying no way
hos
between the two of you
if you go to sergeant major
you might be a general
jeff fax where they were
I feel like I haven't explained
things to you
so can you
well just give us a little
side of your story because
your wife of course she's going to glorify
herself in this story
she set you in her crosshairs
and then six months later
you were a husband
that was pretty much it
did you feel
like the push
like this ladies
was pretty willing to participate
you were fine with it
this goddess
is coming into my world
okay that's my new religion
like that's the
yeah okay
50 years man boy oh boy
no kidding
so give us some pointers because we live in this sewage
where we're all watching porn together
and
everything's pierced and tattooed
and we're not watching it together
I've never watched porn with anybody
talking about him and his girlfriend
mom and dad oh okay sorry
go ahead
what would you say
I'm saying like we live in a
Bob Kane stuff
the royal week
we live in a society where the
boundaries have been
eroded they've been taken down
and in so many ways
that was an important thing to happen
because those boundaries were protecting
bad things happening to good people
we needed
we needed to
like kind of lower
the compartments
so that everybody was all mixed together
and that what was once
considered only for behind closed
doors conversation
started to move onto the television
and then onto the into everyday conversation
along the way I think one of
the things we've definitely lost
and I don't know if it's for better or for worse
is that the
lifelong marriage is like
we don't so I'm almost
I guess what I'm asking is
if we could without changing too much
about the direction we're moving in
because we all need
to keep evolving and being more
chaotic in our life but I think
also a lot of us would like to think
they could be in a partnership
that lasted
for 50 years or more
is there any little nugget
like any little tip
like you guys are going to say
red candles
red candles maybe
have you guys ever been to couples therapy
have you ever had to do any maintenance
do you know about that
that's a thing now
it's a thing well don't need it
so what did you
how did you guys I mean
what's the secret
I love him the same as I did the first day
we got married
there you have it
it's kind of a frustrating answer
and he's my best friend
we'd like to know the secret
and you're obviously just telling us
we're the best
and we're like we know what's the secret
and he's my best friend
and we talk things over
and he's the calm one
and I'm the
worrier
so it's a balance
yeah so then
somebody's got to do the worrying in the family
the military man the guy that you saw in uniform
and said he's going to be my husband
he's the one that actually brings the
don't worry about it as much
energy
you find yourself fretting more and then he says
I don't worry about it that much
just let it go alright
he was sleeping in a submarine
powered by nuclear
yeah power
he's like listen this isn't a big deal
you can use
you can have the remote
yeah
have you seen Dash Boot
how dangerous
like when you were
in the submarine like how deep were you
well I've asked that
let him answer
like how
400 feet or more
and like
do you see any
bogans or anything
military
so you don't see anything there's like 6 inches
of steel between you
there are no windows
and no screen doors
okay alright
settle down
do you have to say 400 feet
or more because someone once told you
that you can't say
that's the secret
so it could have been as much as 2400 feet
and you saw the Loch Ness Monster
and did battle with it
I wouldn't tell ya
he couldn't even tell me
I'd say
how deep did you go
pretty deep
how far did you go
pretty far
but it is
you're sworn to secrecy
even 10 years after he's out
how long have you been out
you've been out
oh boy
it's like 50 years
well let's spill
what's up with Area 51
was it Sarah
was it Sarah Palin who said they could see Russia
from her backyard
I could see it through the periscope
I was going to make the joke
you were just off the coast of Nova Scotia
no not really
yeah
you were in a submarine
whose job was if the shit hit the fan
to strike first
if not second and harder
like you were parked off of our enemy
and waiting to blow them up
if you had to
what was your day to day like
like
cosplay
you make your own fun
when you're
in a steel tube
90 dudes
I'm sorry
it's so unfair
so unfair
what was the day to day
it was pretty routine
yeah
yeah I mean
that's probably a military priority
yeah
what was your post
what was your station
maneuvering
we would operate the reactor
okay wow
maneuvering and we would operate the reactor
to me sounds like two different things
it's the same place
the control room was called maneuvering
okay
but the reactor
you're talking about the nuclear reactor
you would operate the reactor
what was that maneuvering
and the reactor isn't just a furnace
that's powering this thing
you're not just shoveling nuclear material into it
no you're not shoveling it
but that's what
it's required to maneuver
to move
is to turn up and down this thermostat
on this nuclear plant
not quite a thermostat
they shape it like a steering wheel
to make you more comfortable
but it really hits a thermostat
how many people
did that with you
three
did anybody go crazy down there
couple wildcards down there
never had that happen
we had someone come aboard one time
we were short a person
and they were going to
volunteer for submarines so they didn't really
vet them very well
I guess would be the word
we never pulled away from the side of the tender
before he said I can't take this
that happens on Deadliest Catch
every week
there's always a green horn
I've watched this show on TV
I'm going to be a great crab fisherman
and they're like puking and they can't handle it
let me out of here
I can't even begin to
okay so
were you in the shit
how long would you be
in the submarine
for days
maybe
the longest
120 days
man
you guys
have it so easy
and were you
so I assume
that if you
so you were parked
somewhere strategically
and then after that 120 days
that's when another sub would come
and relieve you, kind of tap you out
and take this thing
something like that
we weren't really parked
we had a little course
maybe a hundred
square mile area
where we would be in
there was never any moment when
most of the equipment failed
and there was another one out there
and it was like listen
BOOM
turn off all the fans
the fans are making noise
we won't be able to
bubble up to 10
that bubble only goes to 9
to 10 I said
there was never these
submarine dramas, there's like 9 good ones
do you watch them
do you feel traumatized at all
when you watch dust boot
when you watch
dust boot was a good representation
was that the best one
was it that airy
was it really that
most realistic
you've got to remember
I was in mostly peacetime
cold war
but it was a little different
we all miss it so much
just win our enemy for 50 years
with other white guys with a backwards alphabet
so simple
and we all just had an agreement
let's just make James Bond movies and hang out
yeah
cartoons will have like Natasha
like femme fatale
like you know Bullwing
we do a nuclear drill
every once in a while
now it's just like hello
happy Thanksgiving
I'm a crazy person
I'm taking a turkey carving knife
and I'm doing this
we don't know what we're doing
sorry I just envy
that so much
we envy the cold war
it was nice and cold
I think war is best served cold
you can see us trying
to recreate that
since 9-11 that we're trying desperately
a new generation
has inherited
an empire that was
really forged by kind of wizards
guys smoking cigarettes
and doing nothing but thinking in the basement
of the Pentagon about how do we get into
World War II and what are we going to do
when we get into that and how are we going to turn that
into America running the show
and they nailed it
and then that plan
which was 50 years long kind of ran out
right around that fateful day
and we're all living in this weird epilogue
where
it's more open source now we're all watching each other
lie and scramble to try to recreate
the glory days
you can see us trying
oh oh oh ISIS is it going to be ISIS
okay great great so ISIS
can you stand there in your good light
put the turban on and just like be ISIS
can you be ISIS for 50 years okay
nailed it great okay that's going to move
Twinkies
but they're not playing ball
that's not going to happen
I don't know why
my point is
let's move on
how many people were on board
your sub
over 20
about
are you still friends with them some of them
some we go to reunion
every couple years
because that's a
you must have gotten really close
with some of these guys literally yes
it was required you're very
you gentlemen
are going to have to get close logistically
you were close
you have submarine reunions
is what you're saying
can I come to one of those
I would like to watch one through
a periscope
I don't want to interfere
I would love to hear what
you could do your historical
figure there last reunion
we had Ben Franklin show up
literally
explain
was it like a stupigram
a penny saved
it burned
he came out of a cake
and was like
mom tell him
tell him mom
no at the last reunion
all of a sudden somebody came through the door
because the name of the ship was Ben Franklin
and so he came
through the door all dressed up
and as a Ben Franklin
and helped give out all the awards
and it was kind of cool
what did he sound like
Ben Franklin
and I think he sounded exactly
like Ben Franklin
oh wow
that's a pretty good Ben Franklin
as near as I could tell
he did the best impression
of Ben Franklin
well I think they've been really good sports
and I want them to end on
a comfort high
that's why I want to thank Donna
and David Straub for coming up
you guys can go back
and relax
well I try to
figure out how to end the show
thank you so much
Dan
Dan you are very well behaved
thank you so much
it was very nice of you to not be obnoxious
and hurt
I've always liked your parents
okay
I felt like they were kind of being dicks
it's their thing
no offense
David does that thing
with his face
you can tell he's thinking fuck you
they're kidding
this is funny
this is funny to them
you have great parents
I do
I do that's why I brought them along
I'm proud of them
but look at you punk rock
Rob do you remember when we were
back in Milwaukee we were in the
dead ale lives and for some reason
our culture was based around
humping each other
all the guys in the improv troupe
and we would all mime sodomy
with each other
it was new no one else was doing it
it was cutting edge
and at one point Rob was at my parents house
in the suburbs of Milwaukee
and we were so accustomed to doing this thing
and my dad is a
nice guy and liked Rob
and sitting in a counter
bordering the living room
in the kitchen and I was in the kitchen
and Rob you know what a butcher block
that's a butcher block
the kitchen island
Rob bent me over the kitchen island
I'm listening
and started miming
making love to me
I had an opening and I had to go for it
because you knew his dad would get it
yeah
I'm only gonna one chance to do this
and he pulled
my hair
and lifted my head
and said look at your father
look at your father while I fuck you in the ass
and my dad
was like eating eating
with pistachios
on a paper towel
by the phone
by the landline
and was like
what
I remember my dad was like
he thought it was funny
but he was so confused
as to when did this become okay
am I supposed to do something
they're 20
I never really
realized until now
that you never did that
you had every right to do that to me
right tonight
right now
believe me I've been a really good host
yeah
you had every right to do that
in between then and now
and you never did
and I wouldn't
interact with your family
did you get along with your parents
my dad would never forget that
I feel like our relationship would have been different
from then on
yeah I get along with my parents
now
I always got along with my parents
cause I tried just to get along
but lately
a couple years ago
I'm going to consciously
I know it's not them
I'm the one
that has a problem
with this
they're my parents
and I'm not going to change them
and why would I want to change them
and so then I just made a conscious effort
to try and get along
well mostly my mother
because I was kind of a mama's boy
grown up
and my mom and I have a great relationship
thank you
my dad
was just in town last night
we went to a silent auction
it was fucking great
Papa Cordray
and Nate
my brother Nate Cordray
the three of us
all the male cordries we went
we bid on a lot of shit
it was silent auction
it was loud
there's still time to bid
go to
um
the point of the story is that
I just saw my dad last night
it was fun
do they live back in Boston?
well everybody that's
retired in Boston
moves to Florida
so they live in the villages
do you know about the villages?
my father and his
wife live in the villages
which is the largest
retirement community in the world
and apparently you can see it
from the moon
it's like the Great Wall of China
and the villages
at 5.30 in the morning
when they all go to breakfast you can see
the people
it's like a line of ants
and uh
it's uh
it's fucking crazy
it's the largest
recorded
the largest recorded HPV
outbreak happened there
because
do you remember that movie
with Matt Dillon's first movie
what was that like with the teenagers
it was about a um
drugstruck cowboy
the bodyguard
you know what I'm talking about
what's it called?
no
before that
no no no cheap trick to the soundtrack
cheap trick it's called cheap trick
no no that was just a soundtrack
it was uh but anyway it was a movie
about um
uh
planned communities
kids taking over
and for the first time
and this happened in the 70's
communities
there were planned communities
in the 70's and
for the first time ever there was a dense
population of teenagers
and when teenagers get
over the edge
they get together and they commit
no bottom of the streets
over the edge
what?
Terminator 2
the movie's called over the edge
movie's called over the edge
it's called Matt Dillon's first movie
and uh
and they went
when a concentrated
group of teens get together
they commit crimes
like they just go crazy
in our neighborhood we just throw rocks
at cars
they take acid
cause that was a new thing
and they throw rocks at cars
but they um
this is all to say
it's a fun movie
um
what's the name of it
over the edge
it might be over there with Kristen McNichol
I think I don't know if she's in it
I think Kristen McNichol might be in it too
but when you get uh
they chain like all of the parents
and the adults inside the high school
and then they
that's like a drink to video kickboxing
I don't even know if I'm gonna tell the end of this story because
it's it was great
before I belabored the whole
fucking thing
uh anyway they got
for the first time this amount of old people
together in this concentrated
a population and all they do is
fuck
cause old people fuck and teenagers
uh do crimes
that's my point
that's my stance
but do old people
do they
do it extra maritaly
yeah I think so
all swingers I think they all um
there's an orgy club
or something
I don't think the Schrabs are moving to Florida
no you guys have been married
all these people they're on their second marriages
they're uh and they're
they go at five o'clock
they go to the town village
they go to the town square
the created, the built
the fucked up
two men enter
three men leave
uh
we'll figure it out
that's the motto of the fucked up
and they uh tailgate
they tailgate at the town square
and they line dance
all the women line dance
in their golf carts they all have golf
golf carts and they get fucked up
and then they have sex
they give each other HPV
which is a serious thing
HPV
Jaws
it sounded like your dad is at a second marriage
because you said your dad and his wife
you didn't say my mom
yeah yeah no my parents split up
when I was 25
because my mother came out of the closet
yeah she be
she came out of the closet and caught your dad
cheating on her
it was a literal closet back then
oh I'm sorry yeah she had her office
in the closet she had a little desk
in there
and uh yeah a little computer
and that's where she did her busy work
uh
yeah no she came out of the closet in 1985
and um
and they split up
soon after that obviously
uh and now is your mom
oh yeah she's with the same woman
she was with she basically
split up with my dad for
right and uh it's great
do they get married?
they got married three or four times
if you're gay in the northeast
like you go to every state
that legalizes it
you're like I'm gonna get married here
you get married everywhere
it's great
and so you've got uh
I'm sure you just referred to her by her first name
but like how do you think
it's just like anti
Spence her name is Spence
that's her last name
that's crazy
that's her last name too
her name's Depp
but everybody calls her by her last name
she's from West Roxbury
she's a Boston town
2-1-3-2
man I want a lesbian mom
you want a lesbian mom?
yeah it is
pretty cool man
I get a lot of credit
that would be amazing
yeah
that would be a great way out of a lot of conversations
I worked through a lot of shit
oh it was so hard for me
yeah
yeah you could drop any
you could take that to any direction you wanted
you're like look my mom's a lesbian
fuck you
you could bend that to any
everybody would be like alright fine
um
wow okay
so wait
there was something on the tip of my
brain
oh I wanted to take a poll
cause I'm so curious so let's just assume
the median age in here is like 25
so
applaud
if you're
how do I
pull this data
simply applaud if
your parents are
her
first marriage
oh
okay so
now applaud if you're
that's not the case if your parents are
okay
still sounds like a minority
I don't know you hear these
figures like 70% 80%
there's a lot of people that didn't clap at all
what happened
there's another category
what's the other category
those are people who were born in life pots
under the earth
but the trees are in the audience
the trees are their parents and they're here to
take back what's theirs
alright
it's the happening
Spencer
I have a friend named Abed
oh god what happened
this is fucked up
yeah I talked to Abed today it turns out
okay he drives an
Uber for his job
he's been out of work for a while and he's like
I should get a job with Uber he fucking loves it
it's like a great job
for him you know he can talk to people
he gets the money he wants he can make his own hours
it's great he was driving around
and some guy flags him down
and is like hey how did it go
he stops for the guy
and is like what's happening
he's like will you pick me up and he's like
well you gotta use the app and the guy's like
well let me go get my girlfriend
the guy walks off and a cop car
pulls up behind him and is like
you can't do that shit without a taxi license
and he's like I didn't do anything
the guy flagged me down and I talked to him
they arrested him
impounded his vehicle took him to the station
let him out and he had to
get a ride home he doesn't have his car
so he doesn't have his job
and so his car is impounded
and he can't make money to pay to get it out of impounded
so I
set up a GoFundMe for him
it's GoFundMe.com
slash Help AuBed
it's not too much money we're just trying to get him
so he can pay his rent because he can't
pay his rent because he can't you know work
that's insane so it's crazy
because it sounds like are they shaking down
is this this must be, is there something
to LA municipally? it was in Van Nuys
so I don't know I mean Van Nuys might be
less busy than real LA
but I don't know
yeah what's that
that's a thing
I mean it seems like a really effective one
I mean it's like if you were trying to shut down Uber
then you're just impounding cars
for 30 days at a time because it doesn't matter
you don't get to
go to court and go I was guiltier
your car is just out of commission for 30 days
yeah I mean I'm not a lawyer but
but that's straight up entrapment
not stopping
for a person flagging down your car is called
being a dick
that's really how it went down
it took me a long time
to really get the details out
but I think that's the accurate picture
because you were talking to Abed
yeah we've had Abed on the show before
is this a real Abed?
another one of my friends
he brought everyone so much joy
in the form
I always want to point out
I do think that the character I created
is more dimensional
I think that calling Abed real Abed
is an insult
but I trust you
I feel like what I did is the real Abed
like this is a guy named Abed
so the original Abed
yeah the original
he's the name that I got
the name from this dude
but yeah he's a
he's a good guy and we love him
and he's
I'm relieved that he's not currently in jail
yeah
how long was he in jail for?
I don't think he was
he was arrested and they took him to the station
and then they let him go
like handcuffs and everything?
I think they put him in the back of the car
I don't know if they put him in handcuffs
in the back of the Uber or in the back of a cop car
that'd be weird
yeah drive to the impound lot
we'll follow you
as we all know
in the Los Angeles area
typically if you flag down a cop car
you get shot in the eyeball
in the face
he'll fund me
you know I was passionate about that
for my attention span
but there's a guy
across the street from Schrab's apartment
no in front of my apartment
yeah he saw it
weird distinction
across the street
you are connected with it
no no no
there was this guy that was walking down the street
during like prime time on Los Feliz
and he flagged down a cop
he had like
a towel around his hand
and he flagged down the cop car
and they pulled over and they got out
because he goes walking every day
according to his son takes a towel and a bottle of water
no shirt, broad daylight
Los Feliz
he's just walking
middle aged guy just what he does
he goes walking
unfortunately the story
the story
the true side of the story
that you need is locked in the
brains that end up getting blown out
because the other
side is up to the lawyers and the city
the police get out of the car and they say
drop the gun, drop the gun and he's like
I don't know what and he didn't have a gun
what would you do if you were holding a towel and cops kept saying
drop your gun, drop the gun
you would probably go
I don't think I would drop my towel
I think there's a good chance I would go
it's a towel
they shot him in the eye
and he
didn't die
and then they
handcuffed him which I guess is police
procedure
but they just rolled his
bloody
it was awful
but it happened right outside my house
Kate and I were hanging out in the living room
when we were here
somebody just got shot and looked outside
and there's everything
there's a million videos of his lifeless body
being handcuffed
there's no videos of the incident even though it happened in
rush hour traffic because
it just happened that fast
the problem is
like
the way that the city handles this stuff
something like this happens and then
this guy's
wife, she has to quit her job
we pretend
it's not like
a game show where all of a sudden you're
elevated to a different part of life
their ordinary life has to continue
and everyone's just like yeah we shot your husband in the eye
and the two cops
that did it are going back to work of course they would
they're getting evicted too because they can't afford
to pay rent because
she has to take care of her husband who a quarter
of his head is missing
while they're dealing
there's just a go fund me for them
because it's like well we can't make our rent
it's not about
justice it's not about outrage
well now we're going to be homeless
too because we got shot in the eye
by the cops we're going to also
then as a matter of course
be evicted from our apartment
that's the point where it gets
it's insane
so which I think
crowdfunding if there's one thing we can do
and I always said when I was tweeting that
link I was like if you live in Los Angeles
and particularly if you work for the city
because
maybe you know let's have a steak in this
but you know people from
Ireland will then give a dollar to a guy
it's like well there must be fucked up stuff
going on in Ireland
I don't know what my point is
I know that there's suffering happening all over the place
but there's a
the two go fund me's on my radar
are the guy who got his brain shot out
in front of Rob's apartment whose wife is about
to be homeless because it's hard to take care
of a person with a quarter of a brain
and also work at
Shoney's like
wherever she worked she worked at NASA
Dan don't be an asshole
whatever her job was
I'm sure it was 12 hours a day
then she had to quit it
so it's just like a certain amount of money they need
so they can continue to live in their apartment
and this is Abbot now who got entrapped
obviously entrapped
unless he's a pathological liar
which I don't think he is
he got flagged out by a cop
but they confiscated his car
and now he can't make a living
with the Holocaust survivors
put that on the back burner
does he have his car back?
no no
it's impounded and he can't even get it
he can't try for 30 days
how much does it cost
to get it impounded?
I don't know
they won't tell you the exact price
rebounded yes
we made an estimate but they won't tell you
the exact price but they'll tell you what they think
it'll be over the phone
they won't tell you until 30 days pass
because they charge you for the toe
and then for the storing the whole time
they charge you for the storing
hey we're not made out of space over here
at the impound lot where you can't get your car out
you're putting us out
30 days
I wish I could whistle
30 days you made us keep this car in here
if you ever
get
approached by a policeman
just lay down on the ground
and spread
your limbs out
and just say
I don't have anything in my hands
what you're describing
is what we found out in this recent
rash this last year
culturally what's come to the surface
is that this is something that black parents actually
have to say to their kids
they have to have the cop talk
with their kids the cop talk
regardless of their
tax bracket
if a cop ever has an
encounter with you
I don't care what you see on TV
I don't care what you believe
about society
a parent has to sit on the foot of the bed of a kid
and say
you need to comply
beyond all reasoning
in addition to all the other shit
you gotta sit on the foot of your bed
in front of their bed
there's so many things already
there's a whole list
can you imagine being that kid though
being the kid who's like
I've been growing up just as a normal person
and it's like oh
I gotta be afraid of the cops
as a small child
it's gotta just fuck with you
it's like these people that are supposed to protect me
they might hurt me
that's gotta really put you in
a real
stressful high anxiety
cause that's how I feel about cops
they're probably gonna kill me
and that's completely unfounded
cause I'm just walking around
but it's just the idea
that you'd have to think about that
just from being a small child
is just so heartbreaking to me
and by the way the LAPD
in general as far as I understand it
since the Rodney King thing
you'd notice
I'm curious about the statistics
because you don't hear the good news
especially when the good news is lack of brutality
cause there's nothing to report there
but as far as I understand
the LAPD was taken over by the Department of Justice
is still like being baby sat
by a weird bureaucratic
commission that's out of any satire
you'd write about political correctness
but is functioning
actually kind of okay
minus the odd guy getting shot in the eyeball
that there isn't
that it's way more fucked up
in a lot of other cities that we're discovering
this entrenched crazy
like you're lifting up rocks
and there's just worms crawling out
and you're like holy crap
the LAPD is like
but correct me if I'm wrong
tweet me and
show me articles and things
cause I'm too lazy to read
but that's my perception
is that actually
it's unreportably positive
that we're kind of like
we're not in the headlines
for the last 15 years
it's a very new city
I love the movie L.A. Confidential
because
well I don't know
because it's fucking awesome
but also it's like
shows us this cross section
of the LAPD at that time
and it
it seems systemically like
they've just
they were always
they were built on this corruption
and then yeah recently
it's
I'm drunk
I'm a little drunk
around the time
there was this rampart scandal
it was like they created this anti-gang
task force in the rampart
neighborhood Los Angeles
because it was such a heavy gang activity
and that was
it was an eye-opener because
the rampart anti-gang
squad
became just another gang
and they literally would go
they would
I don't know if they would literally
did drive-bys because they didn't have to
drive-bys are a thing you do because there's cops
if you're a cop you get out
you handcuff a guy get him on his knees
and they were assassinating people
they were like handcuffing them and then killing them
because they were simply another gang
that had a different outfit and a different kind of car
and had a different
what kind of car
one with the flashing lights
it was rocking
but that shit all got
the LAPD currently as far as I understand it
exists in a very modern open
source bureaucratic kind of way
yeah but like you said
it's having to grow
from that
origin
they're having to
it's like a whole new thing
hopefully I don't know anything about it
who knows we're not the worst
but we could do a lot better
uh... Ohio
yeah fuck those guys
it's Milwaukee
um uh... alright well
okay, Spencer
uh... you want to quickly
do a two-minute D&D game
alright okay
what are we playing these days
oh we can't play fantasy role-playing games
god damn it
why not
contracts, no contracts
what
I don't even know if I believe this
to be honest
did you read the contract
it was part of the negotiation
for what
fuck you Harmon
play it man
fuck the system
fuck the man Harmon
are we gonna get shot
you are all standing
in a field full of
old timey maces
and uh...
grindstones
you see armor
and treasure chests
I put on the armor
you put on the armor and you have
medieval powers
your bag of holding contains
a wizard
I use that
you use the wizard
the wizard makes a unicorn
oh yeah
let's attack the unicorn
we attack the unicorn
you attack the unicorn
I stage dive the unicorn with my armor
we would drop go crazy
on that unicorn
what's your willpower
nine
alright you attack the unicorn
the unicorn is like whoa
um...
I was supposed to be your friend
and it disappears
oh boy
roll to see how remorseful we are
yeah
what's my medical uh...
what's your remorse
my plus uh... eleven
you don't feel any remorse
shit
you feel sociopathic
like you feel
like disconnected
20 sociopathic
in your mind it's like you're playing a game
and the results don't matter
you can just do whatever you want
you're crying by the way
no this is all great
oh no I wanna play we can't play
well it's ten o'clock
Spencer plays up this contract
guys in for a four hour show
yeah
now what we should have done
it would have been great
to have Spencer custom create
a role playing environment where we're in a submarine
with your dad
and we do like a sub drama
it would have been amazing
and then like create a campaign
you should create your own role playing
we should do a sub genre
but hey guess why this show is available
every week because we don't have any time
to do it and we don't do anything
so fuck you
fuck you reddit
I thought this over
I miss Camille
I thought this episode let's face it
every since the bloobie
it's all just old
it's pretty obvious
that the show
was like hey what fuck you
man
he's rolling my fat ass out on stage every week
Camille's great though
yeah he's great
is Adam Goldberg here
no
none of my friends are here
yeah no the show's really sliding
yeah
they're all over it
back in Russia
all right
we'll end with probably like a rap
or
yeah
I mean it's forced
but it's how you end the show
force it
do you want to do like the Rihanna
I'll give you a subject you fuck my mother
okay
can you do like the kind of Rihanna bridge
you know
after I rap for a little bit
and then you kind of come in with
just like a hook
yeah
yo
east west north south
fuck your momma's eye
fuck your mouth sorry
I'm sorry
I gotta forget
she's a part of the show
yeah
trees, sidewalk, ground, earth
fuck your momma until she gave birth
baby came out
and married it
took it to the chapels and said shit
now it's incest we're doing it
I'm gonna be the best at doing it
marriage
is so great
yo
yo I do
fuck your momma so hard
she came out of her butt
and I went in the air and I said
maybe threw her down the stairs and said
are you okay
she said something
she's just laid there
he's concerned about the baby
fuck
that's what marriage is
DC mother fucker
all about
yo
Dan Harmon
chrome plated, nickel plated
clip, chrome
bullet, casing, side casing
hammer, trigger
fuck you
word
mass shootings every week
fuck your momma so hard that her eyebrows are on fleek
fleek
is a term
it's a common term
alright that's as much responses
as we're gonna get
holy shit
come to the Rob Schrab
special guest Rob Corddry
Spencer Crittenden our game master
the Schrabs
Donna and David
the stars of tonight
Zach the audio maniac
back in the control room
Kris Boruff the director
Justin Marshall our producer
master of feral audio
thank you meltdown
next week I'm assuming
good night everybody
god bless you
good night
did you get any of that
Zengu the show